- Fred
MARC import needs facelift
update to look/work like CSV import

- Fred 
Install needs to work for new installations

- Fred
unable to return to non-circulating list after clicking on an item.

- Fred
consider using 'e.setCustomValidity' for Password Checking

- Fred
simplify search if YAZ is not available thus using SRU via html 
(limit selection and search criteria)

- Neil Redgate
Report Generator does not handle all fields correctly (item search and csv output)

- Fred / Neil
Add a backup mechanism to Tool or Admin menu

- Fred
online search screen needs a mechanism to select which host to use

- Fred
Help system needs lots of work

- Neil Redgate
field 260g not 'dragable' in Biblio Field editor

- Fred - done 30 Apr 2013
Tools, need ability to set colation/charset of ALL tables

- Fred - fixed 28 Apr 2013
trans.php function T() no longer alows variable insertion (%xxx%)

7 Apr 2013 - Neil Redgate - fixed, 27 Apr 2013
>  As a result of the above, I reworked my biblio fields for my book type.
> I noticed that some of the tags are not "draggable" to the layout column, 
even though they are listed in the field/tag column.
> For example, 260g (Date of Manufacture) 
(I was looking at this option as a reprint date, when I was investigating the above)
> This is not a problem for me at the moment 
(all fields required have been dragged to the layout column)

28 Apr 2013 - Neil Redgate - increased limit to 256, 28 Apr 2013
The title & subtitle fields only allow 75 characters.
Can I change its size (from within OB or myPHP admin) or is this something that 
you have to amend within the programme to ensure full synchronicity?
Would this be a useful edit option to have for each filed listed in the 
biblio fields Maintenance page -so users can adjust their dbase according to their needs?
(Something in the back of my mind is saying that I may have asked about this very early on and,
I apologise, I cannot remember what your comment was - 
as to whether there is a physical limit from mysql/OB 
or it was something to be looked at a later date?)

29 Apr 2013 - Neil Redgate - now text will be displayed on multiple lines as needed, 29 Apr 2013
Following on from the increased field size for long titles, 
I have a problem with the display of these items. (see attached image)
An item with <125 characters in the title is displayed correctly.
An item with 146 characters in the title is not - 
all the MARC field info is displaced below the 'more info' button.

01 May 2013 - Neil Redgate - cannot duplicate, 1 May 2013
When I open the edit existing item box for the most recently added item, 
the correct collection option (in the drop down menu) is not displayed 
- it is the very first collection item in the drop down list that is displayed 
(see image, edit existing item - should read ecology not archaeology), 
even though the correct collection name was entered originally.
However, with the remaining items the collection displayed is correct.

01 May 2013 - Fred
standalone tools for translation maintenance need to be added to Tools menu.

